dtf-module(7) -- dtf module documentation
=========================================

## DESCRIPTION
A dtf-module(7) can be either a python class or shell script. A module performs a single task or mulitple tasks. A dtf-module(7) can import a dtf-library(7), and can execute a dtf-binary(7).

## PYTHON MODULES
Python modules must extend the **dtf.Module** class, where the class name is the same as the file name. The entry point to a dtf-module(7) is the **execute(self, args)** method, and must be implemented. Python modules can take advantage of a dtf-library(7) using **import**. Python modules also use functionality exposed by **dtf.\***. The use of **dtf.core.\*** classes are strongly discouraged.

## BASH MODULES
Bash modules do not contain nearly as much functionality as a python-based dtf-module(7). A bash dtf-module(7) is designed to perform symbol tasks or for prototyping. Bash modules must have a supporte
d shebang, starting in "#!" and ending with "sh", such as "#!/usr/bin/ksh". Bash modules can source API's from the **DTF_CORE** and **DTF_LOG** environment variables as follows:
    \. $DTF_CORE
    \. $DTF_LOG

## MODULE PROPERTIES
Each module can be installed with dtf-pm(1), or tested/executed locally from a project's _local_modules_ directory with dtf-local(1). dtf-pm(1) supports installing packages with metadata. The following metadata fields are supported (Python|Bash):

    about|About = A one sentence description of the module.
    author|Author = The author of the module.
    health|Health = One of the following.
    name|N/A = The name of the module (should match name of class.
    version|Version - The version of the module, in [major].[minor] format.

## PYTHON EXAMPLE
A trival python dtf-module(7) example called newmodule is:

    from dtf.module import Module

    class newmodule(Module):

        about = "A new, fun module"
        author = "Some Hacker (mygithub)"
        health = "stable"
        name = "newmodule"
        version = "1.3"

        def execute(self, args):

            print "Hello, world!"

## BASH EXAMPLE
A trival bash dtf-module(7) example called newmodule is:

    #!/usr/bin/bash

    \. $DTF_CORE
    \. $DTF_LOG

    log_i "Hello world!"`

## MODULE HEALTH
    stable - Fully working.
    working - Mostly working, some features may not be implemented.
    beta - Currently being developed.
    deprecated - Contains errors and use is discouraged.
    broken - Contains known errors and use is strongly discouraged.

## AUTHOR
Jake Valletta <javallet@gmail.com>

## DTF
Part of the dtf(1) suite.

## SEE ALSO
dtf-pm(1), dtf-local(1), dtf-binary(7), dtf-library(7), dtf-package(7)
